## SITEMAP

The collection of places that the website offers:
- [[login]]: A login page with basic password and user challenge
- [[register]]: A register functionality for user and password (can discover users since it alerts of existence of user)
- dashboard: a page showing the structures uploaded by the user through an upload functionality.
- [[upload]]: an endpoint to upload files (cif files specifically). It is worth noting that the server does basic filtering of name files.
- static: an endpoint with an example cif file to download (/static/example.cif)
- delete_structure: delete an uploaded structure from the file system. It is worth noting that uuid's are used in order to identify files.

### SIMPLE FUZZES

```bash
┌──(kali㉿kali)-[~/Downloads]
└─$ ffuf -u http://10.10.11.38:5000/FUZZ -w /usr/share/seclists/Discovery/Web-Content/directory-list-2.3-big.tx

login                   [Status: 200, Size: 926, Words: 226, Lines: 29, Duration: 48ms]
register                [Status: 200, Size: 931, Words: 226, Lines: 29, Duration: 55ms]
upload                  [Status: 405, Size: 153, Words: 16, Lines: 6, Duration: 56ms]
logout                  [Status: 302, Size: 229, Words: 18, Lines: 6, Duration: 55ms]
dashboard               [Status: 302, Size: 235, Words: 18, Lines: 6, Duration: 181ms]

┌──(kali㉿kali)-[~/Downloads]
└─$ ffuf -u http://10.10.11.38:5000/static/FUZZ  -w /usr/share/seclists/Discovery/Web-Content/directory-list-2.3-big.txt

```

### VERSION INFORMATION

- Server runs on : Werkzeug/3.0.3 Python/3.9.5

## SCANS

Done a default scan with skipfish 

```bash
 skipfish -o ./skip http://10.10.11.38:5000
```

Nothing out of the ordinary (false positives) from this.

## SUBDOMAINS

knowing the default page is of 137 words:

```bash
┌──(kali㉿kali)-[~/Downloads]
└─$ ffuf -w /usr/share/seclists/Discovery/DNS/subdomains-top1million-110000.txt -u http://10.10.11.38:5000 -H "Host: FUZZ.chemistry.htb" -fw 137
```

### MAGIC LIST OF THINGS THAT COULD GO WRONG

- Upload functionality could be ill made or some vulnerability related to when processing uploaded file. [[file_upload]]
- The login/register functionality could have mistakes allowing to disclose data or bend logic. [[login]], [[register]]
- Perhaps hidden functionality **-> Does not seem like it**
- Web page seems homemade, perhaps there is a disclosure of information in the code. **-> Nothing out of the ordinary inside of the code** 

## MISC INFORMATION 

Probably the admin has access to a panel for control, it might be interesting to find it out
